# Team Meeting 10 Oct

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Members present](#members-present)
- [Possible Extensions to the Project](#possible-extensions-to-the-project)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Members present

+ Andrew Chia
+ Will Fried
+ Ankith Harathi 
+ Wei-Hung Hsu

## Possible Extensions to the Project

- Adding reverse mode (Will Fried)
- Adding GUI (Wei-Hung)